{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f72\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f159\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f160\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f162\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f163\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f164\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f165\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f166\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f735\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f736\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f738\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f739\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f742\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green51\blue102;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info
{\title Questions Chapter One}{\author telanis}{\operator Information Technology}{\creatim\yr2000\mo7\dy5\hr22\min14}{\revtim\yr2000\mo7\dy27\hr11\min55}{\version4}{\edmins35}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords771}{\nofchars4400}{\*\company telanis corp}{\nofcharsws0}
{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\makebackup\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\f72\fs32\cf17 Review Questions
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {
\par }{\cf9 1.   Which of the following are true about the module Introduction to Microsoft Foundation Classes?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) To explain Microsoft Foundation Classes and their structure 
\par b) To explain how to avoid using Microsoft Foundation Classes 
\par c) To explain Graphics programming using Microsoft Foundation Classes 
\par d) It will be a simple procedure to learn Microsoft Foundation Classes 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 2.  Since you have programmed in Dos C++ or other windows development environments. It should be easy to understand MFC's and how they work? 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 3. Which of the following are true about MFC\rquote s?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) They are a collection of already defined classes, which the programmer just calls upon 
\par b) They are user-defined classes, well designed. 
\par c) They are used to produce DOS based applications 
\par d) They make programming Windows applications easier 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9  
\par 
\par 4. What does API Stand for? 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) Approved Programming Interface 
\par b) Application Provided Interface 
\par c) Application Programming Interface 
\par d) All Possible Interaction 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 5.  Re-useable code refers to?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) Code that you cut and paste into different programs 
\par b) Code that you write once and since it is completed the computer knows of its existence 
\par c) Code that refers to ease of use and portable 
\par d) Code that is tested and packaged in a manner to make it easily portable. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 6.   What version of MFC comes with the Microsoft Visual Studio 6.0?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) Version 4.0 
\par b) Version 4.5 
\par c) Version 5.0 
\par d) Version 6.0 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 7.   Microsoft Foundation Classes forces the programmer to be concerned with the Windows environment more than the programming of the application? 
\par 
\par             a) True
\par             b) False
\par 
\par 8.   Growth in programming will be faster in the 16 bit programming world compared to the 32 bit-programming world. 32 bit programming is for the future?
\par 
\par             a) True
\par             b) False
\par 
\par 9.   The shortest code that you could write to create a window in traditional programming was how many lines of code?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) 50
\par b) 75
\par c) 100
\par d) over 1000
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 10.  In order to be able to use MFC in programming, you must have done traditional windows programming first?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 11.  What does the term DLL stand for?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) Dynamic Located Loop 
\par b) Destroy Library Loop 
\par c) Dynamic Linked Loop 
\par d) Dynamic Linked Library 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 12.  Explain why DLL's are used? (Short Answer)
\par 
\par 13.  In 16 bit programming you had to declare pointers as being near or far, but in 32 bit programming this is no longer a concern?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True 
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9  
\par \page 14.  What is meant by the term Multitasking, in programming terms?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) Means to have more than one application executing at a time 
\par b) Means to have more than one process executing at a time 
\par c) Means to have more than one thread executing at a time 
\par d) All of the above. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 15.   Explain what is meant by non-pre-emptive multitasking and pre-emptive multitasking? (Short Answer)
\par 
\par 16.   A process is: 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) An application 
\par b) A portion of an application 
\par c) Contains at least one or more threads 
\par d) Answers b and c are correct. 
\par e) All are correct. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 17.    A thread is:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) An application 
\par b) A portion of an application 
\par c) Contains at least one or more threads 
\par d) Answers b and c are correct 
\par e) All are correct 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 18.  Pre-emptive multitasking can cause a miss-behaving thread to crash the system ?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 19.  In Windows programming it is your application that sends messages to windows to complete an application operation. Windows is just he shell that your application sits on? 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 20.   The benefit to the end user when it comes to Windows programs are:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) Users are given a friendly environment to work in. 
\par b) They can direct how the application runs 
\par c) The application is smaller in size. 
\par d) a and b are correct. 
\par e) All are correct. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 21. DOS programming starting execution with the function called "main", and this is the only portion of the dos programming world that windows resembles?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 
\par 22.  Your application does not need to respond to every event that occurs during the execution of your program?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 23. Windows Procedure is created so that your application has an access point in which to pass messages back and forth between your application and Windows?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 24. When using MFC, you as the programmer must create the Windows Procedure?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 25.  Explain the purpose of the Message Loop? (Short Answer)
\par 
\par 26.  Explain why you must pass your application event to Windows so that Windows can send it back to your application, so that is may be executed?  (Short Answer)  
\par 
\par 27. There is complete freedom in Windows design of your application's interface?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 28. You should never try to duplicate the appearance of any other program; it would cause confusion to the end user?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 29.  What does HWND refer to? (Choose the best answers)
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) refers to a pointer to a window 
\par b) points to a string 
\par c) refers to a handle in old terminology 
\par d) points to a constant string. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 \page 30. What does LPSTR refer to?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) is an unsigned long integer 
\par b) is a pointer to a constant string 
\par c) is a pointer to a string 
\par d) is an unsigned character 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf9 
\par 31. Standard naming conventions really don't help because you the programmer know what data type each variable is and you know what the variable is supposed to represent?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf9 a) True
\par b) False
\par }}