{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f72\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f159\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f160\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f162\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f163\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f164\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f165\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f166\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f735\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f736\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f738\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f739\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f742\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green51\blue102;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info
{\title Guidelines for Creating Windows}{\author telanis}{\operator Information Technology}{\creatim\yr2000\mo7\dy5\hr22\min11}{\revtim\yr2000\mo7\dy27\hr11\min51}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\*\company telanis corp}
{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\makebackup\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\f72\fs32\cf17 Guidelines for Creating Windows
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {
\par }{\cf9 Windows Classes (Style or type)
\par 
\par What is meant here is a throw back to old terminology. In reality what this is referring to is, how will the window appear and what attributes will the window have.
\par 
\par The attributes could be anything from size of the window to what icon the window will use or which cursor the window will use.
\par 
\par Then the window has to be registered. Luckily once again MFC takes care of this for the programmer. This is routine programming and really wasted programmer\rquote s time.
\par 
\par Guidelines for creating windows:  This is referring to the interface or the way your window looks and believe it or not, how it feels. The 
goal behind these guidelines is to allow minimal training of new users. If a user starts your application, the user should feel that they are already familiar with the program. 
\par 
\par How this is accomplished, by attempting to duplicate the interface on already
 established programs, such a Word, Excel and the like. You will notice in each one of these applications that the File, Edit, View, Window and Help are all located in the same place on the menu bar.
\par 
\par Under File is always New and Exit
\par 
\par Under Edit is always Cut and Paste
\par 
\par Under View is Toolbars
\par 
\par Under Windows is a method to switch between windows that are required in your program
\par 
\par Under help is Contents and About 
\par 
\par If at all possible when ever your application needs any of these options they should always be
 in the same place as other Window applications. This gives the user a comfortable feeling with your program. Remember if you write a program that users do not want to use, then what is the purpose.
\par }}