{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f72\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f159\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f160\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f162\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f163\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f164\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f165\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f166\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f735\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f736\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f738\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f739\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f742\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green51\blue102;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info
{\title Be Prepared}{\author telanis}{\operator Information Technology}{\creatim\yr2000\mo7\dy5\hr22\min4}{\revtim\yr2000\mo7\dy27\hr11\min55}{\version3}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\*\company telanis corp}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\makebackup\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\f72\fs32\cf17 Be Prepared
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {\cf9 
\par Before MFC\rquote s were used on a large scale, window programmers had to write code from scratch. Which was a time consuming and problem induced type of programming. It would take a minimum of 75 lines of code, just to open a single window. Not 
to mention all the error trapping code that would be required to ensure that there was enough memory, proper video card, the proper operating system was installed, and so on and so on\'85 
\par 
\par It is not required for the programmer to have completed this type of 
programming before he/she can write Windows programs using MFC. It is however important that you understand C++ programming and programming concepts in general. Loops, decision-making, and object oriented design methods should be well understood. To be ab
le to be efficient at programming using MFC\rquote 
s, the programmer must understand the concepts of classes, functions, virtual functions, constructors, destructors, function overloading and inheritance. Windows programming relies heavily on these concepts. Make 
sure you understand them well before you get too carried away with MFC\rquote s.
\par 
\par To be prepared to write Windows programs you will require the following knowledge: This course is assuming that you have Windows 95, Windows 98, or Windows NT 4.0 or the newer OS Wi
ndows NT 5.0. We will also be using the Microsoft Visual Studio 6.0 with service pack 3 installed. All the code in this course has been tested using these types of environments.
\par 
\par Knowledge of, how to use ActiveX and what ActiveX controls are, is assumed. You should know how to add an ActiveX control to your project. An ActiveX control is nothing more than an add on to commercial programs usually created by a third party company.

\par }}